Below are requirements for adding structure, code and implementation to manage expenses. For style, behavior look at existing implementation of other data models, for example accommodation. 
- create form to add new expense according to data model expense. Possible actions: edit, cancel. 
- create view for single expense
- add button "add expanse" to trip view to the bottom left side after existing buttons. After clicking on it the add suspense form should appear below. After clicking on save icon on this form the expense should be stored to database and green box with message about successful result  should replace previous form. Message box should  be closed with close icon. 
- add new expense form should be appeared from main view by clicking "add expense" button. This form replaced two boxes on the main form. New expense will be added to current trip that is trip with IsComplete=false. If there is no current trip available the corresponding bix on main view should be disabled. 
- create current trip expenses view that appears on clicking expenses button on the main layout. This view will have several tabs that display different view modes: all expenses displaying in tabular form sorted from earliest to oldest, expenses grouped by categories, expenses grouped by trip point. Add header with trip name to the top of view. 
- add helper for the whole trip cost calculation: all expenses, accomodation costs, route costs. Call this helper to recalculate trip cost  after creation or updating corresponding expenses or costs. Update  trip TripCost value with this new value.